in these times of trouble and
uncertainty when we needed them the most
- heroes reunited to answer our call
it's John's triumphant return to the big
screen
hey well let's light it up on a quest
for the American dream now you know the
rules who get punted with a status of 50
keys and you've waged a part of them or
just some of them on any one of our
tests 50 keys if CJ's gonna quit now
an epic vision
molded into a masterpiece hey Ralph here
comes Kanda sexually-transmitted body
crack from the philosophical minds of
Cheech Marin and Tommy John comes a new
movie featuring their greatest material
I am Dave man we completely reimagine
with all the characters you know and
love
holy dopes used open and this body proud
Cheech & Chong's animated movie
oh wow I thought you were alone
we're Cheech and Joe and we're still
smoking
we're cheeks
we're done the party all night